
--- PAGE 1 ---
AXIATA GROUP BERHAD  
Company No.: 199201010685 (242188-H)1Day & Date  : Wednesday, 28 May 2025
Time  : 2.00 p.m.
Mode of Meeting   : Hybrid
Main Venue  : President Ballroom, Level G, M Resort & Hotel, Jalan Damansara, Bukit Kiara, 60000 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
GPS Coordinates & Position : 3.1300010841528661, 101.6446335841361. A location map of the hotel is on page 4
Online Platform  : TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online with Remote Participation and Voting (“RPV”) facilitiesAdministrative Notes for the 33rd Annual General Meeting
MODE OF 33RD ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (“33RD AGM”) 
1) The 33rd AGM will be held on a hybrid mode. Shareholders and proxies will have an option either:-
 a) To attend physically in person at the Main Venue; or
 
 b)  To attend virtually using the Remote Participation and Voting (“ RPV ”) facilities which are available on the TIIH Online platform 
at https:/ /tiih.online.
2) Shareholders and proxies will have to pre-register their attendance to the 33rd AGM either physically or remotely by using the RPV 
facilities according to the procedures as set out in this Administrative Notes.
3) Shareholders and proxies who wish to attend the 33rd AGM must register as a user with our Share Registrar, Tricor Investor & Issuing 
House Services Sdn Bhd (“ Tricor ”)’s TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online first and then pre-register their attendance on TIIH 
Online to verify their eligibility to attend the 33rd AGM based on the General Meeting Record of Depositors as at 21 May 2025 and 
to confirm their mode of attendance, either via physical or virtual.
4) The pre-registration is open from the date of the Notice of 33rd AGM on Tuesday, 29 April 2025 and the closing date and time shall 
be:
 a) On Tuesday, 27 May 2025 at 2.00 p.m. for physical attendance at the Main Venue; or 
 b)  On Wednesday, 28 May 2025 until such time before the voting session ends at the 33rd AGM for virtual attendance using the 
RPV facilities.
5) Shareholders and proxies may raise questions before the 33rd AGM to the Chairman or Board of Directors via TIIH Online website at 
https:/ /tiih.online, by selecting ‘e-Services’ to login and submit the questions electronically not later than Tuesday, 27 May 2025 at 
2.00 p.m. The Chairman or Board of Directors will endeavour to address the questions received at the 33rd AGM. 
6) During the 33rd AGM, Members who are physically present at the Main Venue will be able to ask questions in person. Members who 
attend virtually using the RPV facilities may also pose questions via real time submission of typed text at the 33rd AGM via Tricor’s 
TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online, by selecting ‘e-Services’ to login and submit the questions electronically.
PRE-REGISTRATION TO ATTEND THE 33RD AGM
You are invited to attend the 33rd AGM to exercise your right to attend, participate and vote at the 33rd AGM by Physical Attendance or 
Virtual Attendance. As such, you are required to take the following steps to pre-register yourselves in order to participate at the 33rd 
AGM. To do so, you must take the following steps at TIIH Online:
 
(a) Register as a user with TIIH Online
 (i) Access the TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online
 (ii)  Under “ e-Services ”, select the Sign Up  button followed by “ Create Account by Individual Holder ”. Refer to the tutorial 
guide posted on the homepage for assistance.
 (iii) Registration as a user will be approved within one (1) working day and you will be notified via e-mail.
(b) Register your attendance for the 33rd AGM
 (i)  All shareholder(s), proxy(ies), corporate representative(s) and attorney(s) are required to pre-register  their attendance for 
the 33rd AGM for verification of their eligibility to attend the 33rd AGM based on the General Meeting Record of Depositors as 
at 21 May 2025 and to confirm their mode of attendance i.e. either Physical Attendance  or Virtual Attendance . This is to 
ensure that the Company is able to make the necessary preparations for the 33rd AGM particularly at the Main Venue.
 (ii) The pre-registration is open from the date of the Notice of 33rd AGM on 29 April 2025.


--- PAGE 2 ---
AXIATA GROUP BERHAD  
Company No.: 199201010685 (242188-H)22 (iii) The closing date and time for the pre-registration shall be as follows:
  Physical Attendance : at 2.00 p.m. on Tuesday, 27 May 2025
  Virtual Attendance  : such time before the voting session ends at the 33rd AGM on Wednesday, 28 May 2025
 (iv) Pre-registration and attendance for shareholder(s) as follows:-
Physical Attendance Virtual Attendance using RPV
Before
Meeting
Day• Go to https:/ /tiih.online
• Login in with your user ID (e-mail address) 
and password and select the corporate event: 
(REGISTRATION) AXIATA GROUP BERHAD 
33RD AGM
• Read and agree to the Terms & Conditions and 
confirm the Declaration.
• Select “ Register for Physical Attendance at 
Meeting Venue ”.
• Review your registration information and 
proceed to submit your pre-registration.
• TIIH Online will send an e-mail to notify that 
your pre-registration for physical attendance is 
received and will be verified.
• Upon system verification against the General 
Meeting Record of Depositors as at 21 May 2025, 
TIIH Online will send an e-mail on or after 27 May 
2025 to confirm your Physical Attendance  at 
the Main Venue.
• In the event your registration is not approved, 
you will be notified via e-mail.
PLEASE NOTE:-
Should you no longer wish to attend the 33rd AGM 
physically, kindly inform is.enquiry@vistra.com  to 
switch your registration from Physical Attendance 
to Virtual Attendance using RPV instead.• Go to https:/ /tiih.online
• Login in with your user ID (e-mail address) 
and password and select the corporate event: 
(REGISTRATION) AXIATA GROUP BERHAD 
33RD AGM
• Read and agree to the Terms & Conditions and 
confirm the Declaration.
• Select “ Register for Remote Participation and 
Voting ”.
• Review your registration information and 
proceed to submit your pre-registration.
• TIIH Online will send an e-mail to notify that your 
pre-registration for remote participation via RPV 
is received and will be verified.
• Upon system verification against the General 
Meeting Record of Depositors as at 21 May 2025, 
TIIH Online will send an e-mail on or after 27 May 
2025 to confirm your remote participation via 
RPV.
• In the event your registration is not approved, 
you will be notified via e-mail.
PLEASE NOTE:-
Should you decide to attend physically after 
successful registration, kindly inform is.enquiry@
vistra.com  to switch your registration from Virtual 
Attendance using RPV to Physical Attendance 
before the cut-off date at 2.00 p.m. on 27 May 2025.
On
Meeting
DayPlease produce your original MyKad/Passport 
(for foreigners) for verification purpose at the 
verification counters on AGM day. Kindly note that 
your entry into the Main Venue shall only be allowed 
subject to verification of your pre-registration of 
attendance as per above.Please refer to Procedures for RPV  on page 5
PARKING
Upon your arrival at the M Hotel & Resort parking area, please park your vehicle at either the open parking area which is available 
on first-come first-served basis or to the multilevel parking complex. Your car plate number will be captured by the Hotel’s parking 
management system upon your entry and no physical parking ticket will be issued. A QR code will be provided at the Registration tables 
for you to scan and enter your car plate number for purposes of recognition of vehicles for waiver of car park charges. Parking charges 
will be absorbed by Axiata and no payment is required from shareholders or proxies attending the 33rd AGM as identified vehicle car 
plates will be able to exit the car park when recognised by the Hotel’s parking management system. 
PHYSICAL ATTENDANCE
1. Verification of attendance will start at 12.30 p.m. at the foyer of the meeting hall and will end at the time directed by the Chairman. 
There will be signages to the verification area and you will have to queue for verification. 
2. Please produce your original MyKad/Passport (for foreigners) at the verification counter for verification. Please make sure your 
MyKad/Passport is returned to you thereafter. 
Administrative Notes for the 33rd Annual General Meeting

--- PAGE 3 ---
AXIATA GROUP BERHAD  
Company No.: 199201010685 (242188-H)3
Administrative Notes for the 33rd Annual General Meeting
3. Upon verification, you are required to write your name and sign the Attendance List placed on the registration counter. 
4. You will be given i) an identification wristband with personalised passcode and ii) a food redemption coupon. You are only allowed 
to enter the meeting hall if you are wearing the identification wristband. There will be no replacement in the event you lose or 
misplace any one of the aforesaid items i) and ii). 
5. If you are attending the 33rd AGM as shareholder as well as proxy, you will be registered only once and will be given items 4(i) and 
4(ii) above once. 
6. No individual will be allowed to register on behalf of another individual even with the original MyKad/passport of that other 
individual. 
7. The verification counter will handle only verification of identity and registration. 
8. After verification, please vacate the registration area immediately.
HELP DESK
1. Please proceed to the Help Desk located in the foyer of the meeting hall for any clarification or queries. 
2. The Help Desk will also handle revocation of proxy’s appointment.
FOOD AND BEVERAGE
1. With the food redemption coupon, please proceed to collect your refreshment at the refreshment area as indicated by signages. 
2. Coffee and tea will be served in the refreshment area before the commencement of the 33rd AGM. Free flow of plain water will be 
provided at the foyer of the meeting hall throughout the 33rd AGM.
DOOR GIFT 
In line with the Company’s no gift policy there will be NO distribution of door gift. The food redemption coupons are distributed for 
purposes of refreshments for attendees attending the 33rd AGM physically at the Main Venue. 
ENTITLEMENTS TO ATTEND, SPEAK AND VOTE
Only a Member registered in the Register of Members/Record of Depositors and whose name appears in the Register of Members/ 
Record of Depositors as at 21 May 2025 shall be entitled to attend, speak and vote at the 33rd AGM or appoint proxies to attend, speak 
and vote on his/her behalf in respect of the number of shares registered in his/her name at that time.
PROXY
1) If you are a Member of the Company, you are entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to exercise all or any of your rights 
to attend and vote at the 33rd AGM. If you are unable to attend the 33rd AGM and wish to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on 
your behalf, please submit your Proxy Form in accordance with the notes and instructions printed therein.
2) If you wish to attend the 33rd AGM yourself, please do not submit any Proxy Form. You will not be allowed to attend the 33rd AGM 
together with a proxy appointed by you.
3) If you have submitted your Proxy Form prior to the 33rd AGM and subsequently decided to attend the 33rd AGM yourself, please 
contact our Share Registrar to revoke the appointment of your proxy before Tuesday, 27 May 2025 at 2.00 p.m. You may submit 
your proxy form to our Share Registrar, Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd (“ Tricor ”) at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower 
A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively to be 
deposited in the drop box located at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia not later than Tuesday, 27 May 2025 at 2.00 p.m. Otherwise the Proxy Form shall not be treated as valid. The 
proxy appointment may also be lodged electronically via Tricor’s TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online not later than Tuesday, 27 
May 2025 at 2.00 p.m. Please do read and follow the procedures below to submit proxy forms electronically.

--- PAGE 4 ---
AXIATA GROUP BERHAD  
Company No.: 199201010685 (242188-H)44
CORPORATE MEMBER
Any corporate member who wishes to appoint a representative instead of a proxy to attend the 33rd AGM should submit the original 
certificate of appointment under the seal of the corporation to the office of the Share Registrar not later than Tuesday, 27 May 2025 at 
2.00 p.m.
POLL VOTING
1) The voting of the 33rd AGM will be conducted on a poll in accordance with Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market Listing Requirement. 
2) All shareholders and proxies attending the 33rd AGM physically at the Main Venue or participating virtually using the RPV facilities 
will exercise their rights to vote via online remote voting from TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online. 
 As such, all shareholders and proxies attending the 33rd AGM physically at the Main Venue is advised to bring their own personal 
devices  in order to vote via TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online. Please refer to “PROCEDURES FOR RPV - ON THE DAY OF 
THE 33RD AGM” section below on steps for online remote voting. 
3) The Company has appointed Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd as Poll Administrator to conduct the poll by way of 
online remote voting. During the meeting, the Chairman will invite the Poll Administrator to brief you on the online remote voting 
process. The online remote voting session will commence from the start of the meeting at 2.00 p.m. on 28 May 2025 until such time 
when the Chairman announces the end of the voting session. This is in line with the SC’s Guidance which provides that Members 
shall be allowed to cast their votes remotely and contemporaneously (live) during the proceeding of the general meeting.
4) Scrutineers will be appointed to verify the poll results. Upon completion of the voting session for the 33rd AGM, the Scrutineers will 
verify and announce the poll results followed by the Chairman’s declaration whether the resolutions are duly passed.
MAP OF M RESORT & HOTEL KUALA LUMPURAdministrative Notes for the 33rd Annual General Meeting
SHUTTLE SERVICE
If you are traveling by public transportation, please take the Kajang – Kwasa Damansara MRT Line and disembark at the Phileo 
Damansara MRT Station. A shuttle service will be available from Phileo Damansara MRT Station to M Resort & Hotel, operating at the 
intervals indicated in the table below. Upon arrival at Phileo Damansara MRT Station, please exit via Pintu A (Exit A) to board the shuttle 
provided by Axiata. The shuttle service will operate according to the following schedule:
Route Operating Period
Phileo Damansara MRT Station to M Resort & Hotel 12:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.
M Resort & Hotel to Phileo Damansara MRT Station 3:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. HOW TO GET THERE
By Train
Kuala Lumpur Sentral 
Phileo Damansara Mass Rapid Train Station (MRT)
By Bus
Terminal Bersepadu Selatan
Kuala Lumpur Sentral

--- PAGE 5 ---
AXIATA GROUP BERHAD  
Company No.: 199201010685 (242188-H)5
REMOTE PARTICIPATION AND VOTING FACILITIES (“RPV”)
Shareholders who chose to attend the 33rd AGM virtually using RPV facilities, you have the rights to participate and exercise your rights 
to speak (including posing questions to the Board via real time submission of typed texts) and vote (collectively, “participate”) remotely 
at the 33rd AGM using the RPV provided by Tricor via its TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online.
A shareholder who has appointed a proxy or authorised representative to attend, participate, speak and vote at the 33rd AGM via the RPV 
must request his/her proxy/authorised representative to register himself/herself for the RPV at TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online.
PROCEDURES FOR RPV 
The procedures for the RPV are summarised below:
Procedure Action
BEFORE THE 33RD AGM DAY
(a) Register as a user with TIIH 
Online• Using your computer and access the website at https:/ /tiih.online. Register as a user under the 
“e-Services Login” and select “ Create Account by Individual Holder ”. Refer to the tutorial 
guide posted on the homepage for assistance.
• Registration as a user will be approved within one (1) working day and you will be notified via email.
• If you are already a user with TIIH Online, you are not required to register again. You will receive 
an email to notify you that the remote participation is available for registration at TIIH Online.
ON THE DAY OF THE 33RD AGM
(b) Login to TIIH Online • Login with your user ID and password for remote participation at the 33rd AGM at any time 
from 1.00 p.m. i.e. 1 hour before the commencement of the 33rd AGM on Wednesday, 28 May 
2025 at 2.00 p.m .
(c) Participate through Live 
Streaming• Select the corporate event: “ (LIVE STREAM MEETING) AXIATA GROUP BERHAD 33RD 
AGM ” to engage in the proceedings of the 33rd AGM remotely.
• If you have any question for the Chairman/Board, you may use the query box to transmit your 
question. The Chairman/Board will endeavour to respond to questions submitted by remote 
participants during the 33rd AGM. If there is time constraint, the responses will be emailed to 
you at the earliest possible, after the meeting.
(d) Online Remote Voting • Voting session commences  from 2.00 p.m. on Wednesday, 28 May 2025  until a time when 
the Chairman announces the completion of the voting session of the 33rd AGM.
• Select the corporate event: “ (REMOTE VOTING) AXIATA GROUP BERHAD 33RD AGM ” or if 
you are on the live stream meeting page, you can select “ GO TO REMOTE VOTING PAGE ” 
button below the Query Box.
• Read and agree to the Terms & Conditions and confirm the Declaration.
• Select the CDS account that represents your shareholdings.
• Indicate your votes for the resolution that are tabled for voting.
• Confirm and submit your vote.
(e) End of remote participation • Upon the announcement by the Chairman on the conclusion of the 33rd AGM, the live streaming 
will end.
Note to users of the RPV facilities:
1) Should your registration for the RPV be approved, we will make available to you the rights to join the live streamed meeting and to 
vote remotely. Your login to TIIH Online on the day of meeting will indicate your presence at the virtual meeting.
2) The quality of your connection to the live broadcast is dependent on the bandwidth and stability of the internet connection at 
your location and the device you use. You must ensure you are connected to the internet at all times in order to attend, participate, 
speak and vote when the 33rd AGM has commenced. Therefore, it is your responsibility to ensure that the connectivity for the 
duration of the meeting is maintained.
3) In the event you encounter any issue with logging-in, connection to the live streamed meeting or online voting, kindly call TricorHelp 
Line at +6011-40805616 / +6011-40803168 / +6011-40803169 / +6011-40803170 for assistance or email to tiih.online@vistra.com 
for assistance.Administrative Notes for the 33rd Annual General Meeting

--- PAGE 6 ---
AXIATA GROUP BERHAD  
Company No.: 199201010685 (242188-H)66ELECTRONIC LODGEMENT OF PROXY FORM
All shareholders can have the option to submit proxy forms electronically via TIIH Online website and the steps to submit are summarised 
below:
Procedure Action
STEPS FOR INDIVIDUAL SHAREHOLDER
(a) Register as a User with TIIH 
Online• Using your computer, please access the website at https:/ /tiih.online. Register as a user under 
“e-Services”. Please refer to the tutorial guide posted on the homepage for assistance.
• If you are already a user with TIIH Online, you are not required to register again.
(b) Proceed with submission of 
Proxy Form• After the release of the Notice of 33rd AGM by the Company, login with your user ID (i.e. email 
address) and password.
• Select the corporate event: “ AXIATA GROUP BERHAD 33RD AGM - SUBMISSION OF PROXY 
FORM ”.
• Read and agree to the Terms & Conditions and confirm the Declaration.
• Insert your CDS account number and indicate the number of shares for your proxy(ies) to vote 
on your behalf.
• Appoint your proxy(ies) and insert the required details of your proxy(ies) or appoint Chairman 
as your proxy.
• Indicate your voting instructions – FOR or AGAINST, otherwise your proxy will decide your 
vote.
• Review and confirm your proxy(ies) appointment.
• Print proxy form for your record.
STEPS FOR CORPORATION OR INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS
(c) Register as a User with TIIH 
Online• Access TIIH Online at https:/ /tiih.online
• Under “e-Services”, the authorised or nominated representative of the corporation or 
institutional shareholder selects “ Create Account by Representative of Corporate Holder ”.
• Complete the registration form and upload the required documents.
• Registration will be verified, and you will be notified by email within one (1) to two (2) working 
days.
• Proceed to activate your account with the temporary password given in the email and re-set 
your own password.
Note: The representative of a corporation or institutional shareholder must register as a user in 
accordance with the above steps before he/she can subscribe to this corporate holder electronic 
proxy submission. Please contact our Share Registrar if you require clarification on the user 
registration.Administrative Notes for the 33rd Annual General Meeting

--- PAGE 7 ---
AXIATA GROUP BERHAD  
Company No.: 199201010685 (242188-H)7(d) Proceed with submission of 
Proxy Form• Login to TIIH Online at https:/ /tiih.online
• Select the corporate exercise name: “ AXIATA GROUP BERHAD 33RD AGM - SUBMISSION 
OF PROXY FORM ”.
• Agree to the Terms & Conditions and Declaration.
• Proceed to download the file format for “Submission of Proxy Form” in accordance with the 
Guidance Note set therein.
• Prepare the file for the appointment of proxies by inserting the required data.
• Login to TIIH Online, select corporate exercise name: “ AXIATA GROUP BERHAD 33RD AGM - 
SUBMISSION OF PROXY FORM ”.
• Proceed to upload the duly completed proxy appointment file.
• Select “Submit” to complete your submission.
• Print the confirmation report of your submission for your record.
RECORDING OR PHOTOGRAPHY
Strictly NO recording or photography  of the proceedings of the 33rd AGM is allowed.
CIRCULAR TO SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
1) The following documents are available at https:/ /www.axiata.com/investors/agm
 a) Integrated Annual Report 2024
 b) Governance and Audited Financial Statements 2024
 c)  Circular to Shareholders on the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or 
Trading Nature
 d) Corporate Governance Report 2024
 e) Notice of the AGM, Proxy Form and Administrative Notes
2) You may request for printed copy of documents no. a, b and c above at Tricor’s TIIH Online website at https:/ /tiih.online by 
selecting “Request for Annual Report/Circular” under “Investor Services”. Alternatively, you may also make your request for these 
documents by calling our Share Registrar or email as per details provided below.
3) Please consider the environment before you decide to print or request for the above documents.
COMMUNICATION GUIDANCE
Shareholders are reminded to monitor the Company’s website and announcements for any changes to the 33rd AGM arrangements.
ENQUIRY
If you have general queries prior to the 33rd AGM, please contact the Registrar during office hours i.e. from 8.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. 
(Mondays to Fridays) at the details as below:
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd 
(197101000970 [11324-H])
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South 
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur, MalaysiaTelephone Number
General Line
Fax
Email
Ms Mika Tam
Email+603-2783 9299
+603-2783 9222
is.enquiry@vistra.com
+603-2783 9280
mika.tam@vistra.comAdministrative Notes for the 33rd Annual General Meeting
